1: all media census .
1: okay okay just take any down any machine that you already have you use .
1: sounds good you .
0: for each of the phones or is it some problem Distinguished Service .
1: okay call but I did call but in B. competency gonna be I'm just taking notes one okay let's take a look at .
1: this is a .
1: white ink in the next day yes .
0: this site person probably in the next seven days in the sun was involved with the next please use the latest because my name wasn't on will be that it does something is you need to .
1: doing some maintenance hollow that date on Mars but it does what I thought .
1: movies for bargains on the each one will have a different different sizes okay next comes .
2: I try to bring the system are to get it I yes I am older somebody right I need a down back .
0: which will be the optimum downtime for all four .
0: user Vesta probability .
1: right that was the next eleven plus you need to get the new one eleven point are often the very often like you said in search of a %HESITATION laws for say that this is in the four months because coming seventy five and then four months this is in three months this is why one .
1: this is six months .
1: read that you needed %HESITATION I'm in the next one month you need to let me know .
0: okay yes we think his soul is this is a call but as I was calling me .
0: %HESITATION is there anyone to correct so all .
1: One without me to me cool thank Peter maybe two three four four five six .
0: okay right at this is the credo insights people are looking up .
1: once this is done right so okay in one month I have a good day so I have to find a date this is %HESITATION minimum one day just fine nice you will get some use should be with you in a television you .
1: so they send you into some issues that would be so many things to be done ABC EMG has %HESITATION means a lot of .
1: okay great %HESITATION so a lot of eighteen dollars log very .
1: okay fine but this other than any other sort of an external person right move got slot review on that particular day .
1: hang up .
1: in the .
1: right no windows reporter hauling I call you that day because one .
1: this is the site so you can you can you know nope none lakes begins one month I have NO .
1: yeah right well yeah I really don't want to start a new one you guys over the other not because of this young women in the month .
1: so you just give them you need to focus I was in and out thank .
0: so I know what it is yeah services are not .
0: this is giving up that we need to get okay this is your last name is like you know what you just said you look .
0: that right now if you look at your yearly household and nine but was what people into using things Hey I got up and then all I cannot golf .
0: okay well you on this .
1: that .
0: okay either locked up like hello Ms others no you say I will would accept lonely yes it .
1: that has to be a mechanism okay that people just did that easy if you don't know if it's a bad back to your price is being blocked you'll hotel was thing is being done so we need a lot of that and I have a little recent problems connection from the data collection calls it exactly yeah it is S. V. Lockwood I will be doing this .
1: person that is not .
1: yeah I don't want that data hi %HESITATION good will be comprehended not because the second box .
1: okay so %HESITATION part is giving this a new .
0: right yeah so that unless it was saying that we need to look at but this thing is to domain %HESITATION demanding to go definitely in from the windows only that's what this one pretty good we had a new %HESITATION condiment in common on because usually when connecting in recent one million dollars point is we should have a mortar .
1: okay this is the process of doing the mortar okay .
1: okay I'm these are old comes that will be going for anyone okay yeah one is this way UP I need a new one .
0: yes .
0: so you just want to know if we missed off .
0: I have to do is I'm out of this .
0: hello this is .
1: get email back %HESITATION .
1: there are many %HESITATION will be moving into I want .
1: see your point okay why don't we yeah we need to remove .
1: this one probably that means that they select yeah .
1: yeah right I ask you see all right so I'm ready for axis other which is always in the near yeah .
1: Hey man this is only only .
0: hello .
1: morning Sir Lee how are you .
0: %HESITATION yes I have regarding this one's on PC rate there's no one by name and %HESITATION they just me shop right right I mean do you need to use the online just listen to what I am talking so that I don't have an answer today sure .
1: just .