you will hear a telephone conversation between a customer and an agent of the company which ships large boxes overseas .
good morning how can I shipping agents can I help you %HESITATION yes I'm ringing to make enquiries about sending a large box %HESITATION a container back come to Kenya from the U. K. yes of course .
would you like me to try and find some quotations for you.
yes that'd be great thank you .
well first of all I need a few details from you fine .
can I take your name it's Jacob and .
can you spell your name please yes it's M. K. E. R. E. .
is that M. for mother yes .
thank you .
and you say that you will be sending the box to Kenya that's right .
and where would you like the books picked up from .
from college if possible .
yes of course I'll take down the address now .
it's Wessel college is that W. E. S. T. A. double L. yes college .
Wes still college .
address that it's downlands road in Bristol .
%HESITATION yes I know it .
and the post code it's B. S. eight nine P. you .
right .
and I need to know the size .
yes I've measured it carefully and it's one point five meters long .
right note point seven five meters wide .
K. and it's no point five meters high %HESITATION deep .
great .
so I'll calculate the volume in a moment and get some quotes for that .
but first can you tell me .
you know very generally what will be in the box .
yes %HESITATION this must be close .
okay and there's some books .
okay good %HESITATION anything else .
%HESITATION yes there's also some toys .
okay and what is the total value do you think of the contents .
well the main costs other clothes on the books they'll be about one thousand five hundred pounds .
but then the toys are about another %HESITATION two hundred so I put down one thousand seven hundred pounds .
Alice Linnes: I just stated that we need to give our rural sales teams better customer information reporting.  
John Ruting: I don't quite follow you. What exactly do you mean?  
Alice Linnes: Well, we provide our city sales staff with database information on all of our larger clients. We should be providing the same sort of knowledge on our rural customers to our sales staff there.  
Jack Peterson: Would you like to add anything, Jennifer?  
Jennifer Miles: I must admit I never thought about rural sales that way before. I have to agree with Alice.  
Jack Peterson: Well, let me begin with this Power Point presentation (Jack presents his report). As you can see, we are developing new methods to reach out to our rural customers.  
John Ruting: I suggest we break up into groups and discuss the ideas we've seen presented.  
Jack Peterson: Before I begin the report, I'd like to get some ideas from you all. How do you feel about rural sales in your sales districts? I suggest we go round the table first to get all of your input.  
John Ruting: In my opinion, we have been focusing too much on urban customers and their needs. The way I see things, we need to return to our rural base by developing an advertising campaign to focus on their particular needs.  
Alice Linnes: I'm afraid I can't agree with you. I think rural customers want to feel as important as our customers living in cities. I suggest we give our rural sales teams more help with advanced customer information reporting.  
Donald Peters: Excuse me, I didn't catch that. Could you repeat that, please?  
Alice Linnes: I just stated that we need to give our rural sales teams better customer information reporting.  
John Ruting: I don't quite follow you. What exactly do you mean?  
Alice Linnes: Well, we provide our city sales staff with database information on all of our larger clients. We should be providing the same sort of knowledge on our rural customers to our sales staff there.  
Jack Peterson: Would you like to add anything, Jennifer?  
Jennifer Miles: I must admit I never thought about rural sales that way before. I have to agree with Alice.  
Jack Peterson: Well, let me begin with this Power Point presentation (Jack presents his report). As you can see, we are developing new methods to reach out to our rural customers.  
John Ruting: I suggest we break up into groups and discuss the ideas we've seen presented.  