1: If we are all here, let's get started.
1: First of all, I'd like you to please join me in welcoming Jack Peterson, our Southwest Area Sales Vice President.
1: Outsourcing agreement to be finalized to ensure new database gets implemented on time.
1: could you Create budget for ProjectX.
2: Bob can you please Take into account goal A, B and C.
3: Steven can you engage audience and improve ROI by 5%.
4: May I also introduce my assistant, Bob Hamp.
5: Welcome Bob.
1: I'm afraid our national sales director, Anne Trusting, can't be with us today.
1: She is in Kobe at the moment, developing our Far East sales force.
1: Let's get started.
1: We're here today to discuss ways of improving sales in rural market areas.
1: First, let's go over the report from the last meeting which was held on June 24th.
1: Right, Tom, over to you.
1: Thank you Mark.
1: Let me just summarize the main points of the last meeting.
1: We began the meeting by approving the changes in our sales reporting system discussed on May 30th.
1: After briefly revising the changes that will take place, we moved on to a brainstorming session concerning after customer support improvements.
1: You'll find a copy of the main ideas developed and discussed in these sessions in the photocopies in front of you.
1: The meeting was declared closed at 11.30.
1: Jack Peterson: Before I begin the report, I'd like to get some ideas from you all.
1: How do you feel about rural sales in your sales districts?
1: I suggest we go round the table first to get all of your input.
1: In my opinion, we have been focusing too much on urban customers and their needs.
1: The way I see things, we need to return to our rural base by developing an advertising campaign to focus on their particular needs.
1: I'm afraid I can't agree with you.
1: I think rural customers want to feel as important as our customers living in cities.
1: I suggest we give our rural sales teams more help with advanced customer information reporting.
1: Excuse me, I didn't catch that.
1: Could you repeat that, please?